You can not only change the content in your lists and so on.
You can also change the way the list looks like.
And now here is where I list becomes more important.
For example if you want to remove those lines in between the items here you can add no lines as a directive
to your or as an attribute to your iron list here.
And if you do this you will see the items or the lines of the I'd would say are now gone.
The average behavior looks the same but all the lines are gone and you wouldn't be able to remove the
item lines easily at least without kind of hacky overwriting of styles without wrapping ironed list
element.
You can also use inset to add some extra margin to the list and have it being pushed a bit more to the
right.
So that's another alternative you have here.
So these are attributes can add to the list to make sure that the list really looks the way you want
it to look.
Now I'm going to change this back today.
Look we had before but important to understand that with the wrapping I'll list.
You got those elements where you got those attributes can add those features to make it look the way
you wanted to look.